README.md, before:

# Chirper - A Twitter Feed App built with React

Chirper is a Twitter feed application built with React for Udacity's React Nanodegree Program - React & Redux.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the Chirper application up and running on your local environment for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

NODE AND NPM

You will need Node.js and npm on your local environment to download and run this application. Visit https://nodejs.org to learn the specifics on downloading, installing and running Node.js. npm is packaged with Node.js.

REACT

You will need ReactJS on your local environment to download and run this application. Visit https://reactjs.org/ to learn the specifics on downloading, intalling and running ReactJS.

### Recommendations

YARN

It is recommended to use Yarn as the package manager for this project. Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/ to learn the specifics on downloading, intalling and running Yarn.

### Installing

Clone the project to your local environment

```
git clone https://github.com/edwdeapri/udacity-chirper.git
```

Change to the directory where the project is living on your local environment

```
cd udacity-chirper
```

Install dependencies with the package manager:

```
npm install
```

Start the application with the package manager:

```
npm start or yarn start
```

The Chirper application should now be open and running on the default browser.

## Built With

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/) - A JavaScript Framework

## Versioning

For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/edwdeapri/udacity-chirper).

## Authors

- [Edward Pritchard](https://github.com/edwdeapri) - Design / Development

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: udpate README.md
added demo section with links and instructions for users.

README.md, after:

# Chirper - A Twitter Feed App built with React

Chirper is a Twitter feed application built with React for Udacity's React Nanodegree Program - React & Redux.

## Demo

[Checkout this live demo](https://xrn98x9w2w.codesandbox.io/) of the Chirper app. Once the simulator has launched, follow these instructions:

1. Select any Tweet to see the thread or reply.
2. Use the Reply button to reply to any Tweet.
3. Use the Like button to like any Tweet.
4. Or...use the navigation to create your own Tweet.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the Chirper application up and running on your local environment for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

NODE AND NPM

You will need Node.js and npm on your local environment to download and run this application. Visit https://nodejs.org to learn the specifics on downloading, installing and running Node.js. npm is packaged with Node.js.

REACT

You will need ReactJS on your local environment to download and run this application. Visit https://reactjs.org/ to learn the specifics on downloading, intalling and running ReactJS.

### Recommendations

YARN

It is recommended to use Yarn as the package manager for this project. Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/ to learn the specifics on downloading, intalling and running Yarn.

### Installing

Clone the project to your local environment

```
git clone https://github.com/edwdeapri/udacity-chirper.git
```

Change to the directory where the project is living on your local environment

```
cd udacity-chirper
```

Install dependencies with the package manager:

```
npm install
```

Start the application with the package manager:

```
npm start or yarn start
```

The Chirper application should now be open and running on the default browser.

## Built With

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/) - A JavaScript Framework

## Versioning

For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/edwdeapri/udacity-chirper).

## Authors

- [Edward Pritchard](https://github.com/edwdeapri) - Design / Development

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
